Home Alone Home Alone is a very funny 1990 American film.
It tells a story about a boy who is accidentally left alone at home.
One night before Christmas, the Macalester family meet at their home.
They are planning to fly to Paris for the holiday and are busy getting ready.
Eight-year-old Kevin is the youngest child and is fighting with his brothers and sisters and his cousins.
When he goes to bed, he is so angry that he wishes all his family would go away.
In the morning, everyone wakes up very late.
They are all in a hurry to get to the airport, so they forget Kevin
and he is left alone at home by accident.
Although Kevin is alone, he is very happy at first.
His terrible family has gone, his wish has come true.
He watches TV, eats lots of fast food and plays games.
He has a good time.
But later on, he goes out and his two bad men called Harry and Marve
planning to steal from his house.
He goes home and plans some very funny ways to catch Harry and Marve.
Many things in the house get broken as Kevin tries to stop them.
Finally, the police come and the men are taken away.
The house is now a mess, so Kevin tides it up and waits for his parents.
They get back from Paris and are very happy to find that Kevin is safe.